startup/README.md, before:

# Wynn's Flooring and Home Furnishings
## Links
- [Startup Specification](#startup-specification)
- [HTML Updates](#html-updates)
## Startup Specification
### Links
1. [Elevator Pitch](#elevator-pitch)
2. [Key Feature](#key-features)
3. [Technologies](#technologies)
4. [Images](#images)
### Elevator Pitch
Having a simple, helpful, intuitive website for a business is an essential feature. Websites should not be too cluttered or confusing to navigate.\
\
The goal of this project is to turn an old, crumby, miserable website into a new, highly intuite asset for the business. The business this service will be done for is *Wynn's Furniture and Floor Covering*. This is a family business that has been in my family for three generations. The old website was created by a 3rd party with almost no imput for the owner.\
\
I will completely scrap the old website and create a brand new, improved website for this project.
### Key Features
- Login to request bid or to order furniture
- User information is stored so they can easily return for another bid/purchase
- Multiple links to easily seperate each of the services provided by the business
- Allow for simple contact to and from customer
### Technologies
- [HTML](#html-deliverables) - Create the structure of the document, include all the necessary links and information
- [CSS](#css) - Make the website easy to read and clean
- [JavaScript](#javascript-deliverables) - Allows for the login as well as requesting to buy furniture
- [Service](#service-deliverables) - Backend services that allow for
    - Login
    - Request Bid
    - Purchasing
    - Contact Info to be reached at
- [DB](#db-deliverables) - Store user data and contact info
- [Login](#login-deliverables) - Register and login users, secure all info
- [WebSocket](#websocket-deliverables) - Allows for possible instant instant chat with employees
- [React](#react-deliverables) - Application ported
#### HTML Deliverables
- HTML will be used to properly setup the structure of the startup
    - Business name and Logo will stay at top of screen
    - Links for four pages will be included
        1. Home
        2. Furniture
        3. Floor Coverings
        4. Window Coverings and Blinds
        5. Mattress Needs
    - A descirption of the business and some fun facts will be on the home page
    - A brief description of employees and pictures will be used to make it feel more friendly and open
    - There will be a short section on the suppliers we use and why they (and we) are trustworthy
    - There will be a place where they can request a bid (flooring or blinds) or request to purchase a furniture item
    - The footer will include Location info, primary contact info, and a google maps widget that allows people to see our location on a map
#### CSS Deliverables
- CSS is necessary to make the website look clean, desirable, and making people want to visit again
    - Seperate the header and footer and main body so we can make the website organized and clean
    - This will not only work on desktops, but the CSS will allow the users to experience an enjoyable experience on mobile systems as well
    - All links will work properly and look clean and in place
#### JavaScript Deliverables
- JavaScript will allow the users to interact with the website, which is essential to many features
    - Requesting a bid/purchase
    - Login information is saved
    - Any other logic in the application
#### Service Deliverables
- This is important to many features
    - Login information
    - Purchasing an item or requesting a bid
    - Giving clients our contact information and vice versa
#### DB Deliverables
- This is essential to safely store the users data
    - Login username and passwords
    - Clients preferances
    - Requests for bids
    - Requests for purchases and their order
#### Login Deliverables
- I will simply keep track of user's data so they can accuratly access their own information every time
    - Create new accounts
    - Returning users
    - Guest option
#### WebSocket Deliverables
- This technology will information to be readily available to the use
    - Allow the business owners to posisbly respond to chats in real time
    - Allow the google maps to stay updated and active
#### React Deliverables
- Using React will allow m eto multiple items
    - Bundle packages
    - Allow to keep my code in components
    - Route the login info to the other components
### Images
<img src="SamplePage.jpg" alt="Sketched Design" width="500"/>
*Sketched Design*

---

## HTML Updates
For this part of the project, I modified my original design by inlcuding another webpage (user data). This takes the user to a screen where they can see their saved information if they are logged in. Also, becuase there is no CSS in this part of the project, the website looks nothing like my concept design. I added information and picture placeholders on each of the different html webpages, but nothing is really interactable (other than the links). This is just the initial creation of the webpage, but it will soon look much nicer

- I modified the index.html to include all the basic information of the store and employees
- I modified the furniture.html to inlcude a short description and photo placeholders of the furniture in store
- I modified the lock.html to inlcude a short description and then a price list. Additionally it has a pic placeholder of our locksmithing room
- I modified the floor.html to inlcude the specific services we provide and some pic placeholders of the work we have done
- I modified the window.html to inlucde a list of the suppliers we use, a short description, and some photo placeholders of our work
- I modified the user.html to inlcude placeholders of the users saved data

---

[**Return To Top**](#wynns-flooring-and-home-furnishings)

Commit message:

update(Porject) added CSS to whole project. Also update(README.md)

startup/README.md, after:

# Wynn's Flooring and Home Furnishings
## Links
- [Startup Specification](#startup-specification)
- [HTML Updates](#html-updates)
- [CSS Updates](#css-updates)
## Startup Specification
### Links
1. [Elevator Pitch](#elevator-pitch)
2. [Key Feature](#key-features)
3. [Technologies](#technologies)
4. [Images](#images)
### Elevator Pitch
Having a simple, helpful, intuitive website for a business is an essential feature. Websites should not be too cluttered or confusing to navigate.\
\
The goal of this project is to turn an old, crumby, miserable website into a new, highly intuite asset for the business. The business this service will be done for is *Wynn's Furniture and Floor Covering*. This is a family business that has been in my family for three generations. The old website was created by a 3rd party with almost no imput for the owner.\
\
I will completely scrap the old website and create a brand new, improved website for this project.
### Key Features
- Login to request bid or to order furniture
- User information is stored so they can easily return for another bid/purchase
- Multiple links to easily seperate each of the services provided by the business
- Allow for simple contact to and from customer
### Technologies
- [HTML](#html-deliverables) - Create the structure of the document, include all the necessary links and information
- [CSS](#css) - Make the website easy to read and clean
- [JavaScript](#javascript-deliverables) - Allows for the login as well as requesting to buy furniture
- [Service](#service-deliverables) - Backend services that allow for
    - Login
    - Request Bid
    - Purchasing
    - Contact Info to be reached at
- [DB](#db-deliverables) - Store user data and contact info
- [Login](#login-deliverables) - Register and login users, secure all info
- [WebSocket](#websocket-deliverables) - Allows for possible instant instant chat with employees
- [React](#react-deliverables) - Application ported
#### HTML Deliverables
- HTML will be used to properly setup the structure of the startup
    - Business name and Logo will stay at top of screen
    - Links for four pages will be included
        1. Home
        2. Furniture
        3. Floor Coverings
        4. Window Coverings and Blinds
        5. Mattress Needs
    - A descirption of the business and some fun facts will be on the home page
    - A brief description of employees and pictures will be used to make it feel more friendly and open
    - There will be a short section on the suppliers we use and why they (and we) are trustworthy
    - There will be a place where they can request a bid (flooring or blinds) or request to purchase a furniture item
    - The footer will include Location info, primary contact info, and a google maps widget that allows people to see our location on a map
#### CSS Deliverables
- CSS is necessary to make the website look clean, desirable, and making people want to visit again
    - Seperate the header and footer and main body so we can make the website organized and clean
    - This will not only work on desktops, but the CSS will allow the users to experience an enjoyable experience on mobile systems as well
    - All links will work properly and look clean and in place
#### JavaScript Deliverables
- JavaScript will allow the users to interact with the website, which is essential to many features
    - Requesting a bid/purchase
    - Login information is saved
    - Any other logic in the application
#### Service Deliverables
- This is important to many features
    - Login information
    - Purchasing an item or requesting a bid
    - Giving clients our contact information and vice versa
#### DB Deliverables
- This is essential to safely store the users data
    - Login username and passwords
    - Clients preferances
    - Requests for bids
    - Requests for purchases and their order
#### Login Deliverables
- I will simply keep track of user's data so they can accuratly access their own information every time
    - Create new accounts
    - Returning users
    - Guest option
#### WebSocket Deliverables
- This technology will information to be readily available to the use
    - Allow the business owners to posisbly respond to chats in real time
    - Allow the google maps to stay updated and active
#### React Deliverables
- Using React will allow m eto multiple items
    - Bundle packages
    - Allow to keep my code in components
    - Route the login info to the other components
### Images
<img src="SamplePage.jpg" alt="Sketched Design" width="500"/>
*Sketched Design*

## HTML Updates
For this part of the project, I modified my original design by inlcuding another webpage (user data). This takes the user to a screen where they can see their saved information if they are logged in. Also, becuase there is no CSS in this part of the project, the website looks nothing like my concept design. I added information and picture placeholders on each of the different html webpages, but nothing is really interactable (other than the links). This is just the initial creation of the webpage, but it will soon look much nicer

- I modified the index.html to include all the basic information of the store and employees
- I modified the furniture.html to inlcude a short description and photo placeholders of the furniture in store
- I modified the lock.html to inlcude a short description and then a price list. Additionally it has a pic placeholder of our locksmithing room
- I modified the floor.html to inlcude the specific services we provide and some pic placeholders of the work we have done
- I modified the window.html to inlucde a list of the suppliers we use, a short description, and some photo placeholders of our work
- I modified the user.html to inlcude placeholders of the users saved data

## CSS Updates
For this part of the project, I implemented Bootstrap to design my startup and make it look like an actual website. There are still a few missing photos (I plan on getting by the end of this next week), but other than that, it will look like a fully designed webpage. A lot of the buttons (such as login) will not work still, as there is no JavaScript, but it will all look nice. 
- Deployed the Simon CSS Project as well as Startup
- Added design to each of the subpages
- Added a navbar for the links
- Added a few links for the phone numbers and emails
- Added a lot of flex and grid items to make the webpage act dynamically as the browser window changes
- Added styling to the images, which will be actually seen when I get the photos

---

[**Return To Top**](#wynns-flooring-and-home-furnishings)
